I'm convinced that while virtually
everyone you're ever going to meet they
will tell you that they want to do
something great with their life they'll
tell you that they've got Big Dreams
they've got plans and they're going to
make it happen but they can't take
criticism they're not willing to look at
what they're doing wrong they're not
willing to admit that everything is
their fault but it's just a frame of
reference and if they would change that
frame of reference it would change
everything and as Tim Grover said the
only difference between feedback and
criticism is how you hear
it understanding the brain understanding
how we process data understanding the
way that ideas get into your mind and
cause a chain reaction of
emotions if you can't figure that out
and rise above it and not become a
victim of your emotions not become a
victim to people saying something that
knock you off your confidence that make
you feel insecure that actually
your abil to perform because of how you
have
decided to hear
something and that moment of Awakening
that breakthrough that is the
realization that you decide what to
focus on you decide what to hear and
what to take away from something
somebody can assail you they can attack
you they can victimize
you but it's a choice as to whether or
not you play the
victim as Winston Churchill said
criticism may not be agree a able but
it's necessary it fulfills the same
function as pain in the human body it
calls attention to an unhealthy state of
things in the pursuit of greatness
people are still trying to avoid pain if
you really want to do something if you
really want to become somebody then
you've got to run headlong into pain
you've got to be looking for those
things that make you suffer you've got
to seek out the pain you've got to seek
out the things that make you uncomfort
you've got to want to hit that
difficulty because it is in those
moments it is in that bit of suffering
it is in seeing what you are not good at
that is going to allow you to become
great and if you have to let it fill you
with rage to really stand in
anguish in order to force yourself to
move then stand in it do whatever you
need to do in order to reach your goals
and if that's the motivation that you
need then embrace it and CH
it as Tony Robin said the purpose of
pain is to move us into
action it's not to make us
suffer so in that anguish in the
excruciating pain find no suffering see
the joy in it welcome it like an old
friend and the day that you can welcome
your pain like an old friend because you
know like a friend it is taking you
where you need to go it is spurring you
into action it is pushing you to become
something and the process of rebirth my
friends
hurts but whether you choose to suffer
or
not is your
choice because remember Tim's words the
only difference between feedback and
criticism is how you hear it the only
difference between pain and suffering is
how you frame it so it's your choice
it's up to you how you're going to move
forward
but never for one second forget
that it's a
[Music]
choice